everyone today I'll be showing you I DIY
tutorial on how to decorate your
notebooks I was showing you how to do
three different styles the first one is
this chalkboard notebook and you can
obviously use your chalkboard on it and
it's erasable as you can see right here
you can use paper towel or your finger
like I'm doing here so it's very
convenient especially if you're using it
for like math notebook you can do math
problems on it or you can just do it a
lot like I did on here the next one is
this three-dimensional stone looking
notebook and it makes the notebook cover
very sturdy so if you have a flimsy
notebook i would recommend doing this
and it feels kind of cool to you
obviously do it with any color you want
but i just decided to use black glitter
just because i don't know i liked black
and i also had black glitter already so
i just decided to use that and the third
one is my favorite it's this glitter oh
my gosh like i'm afraid i'm gonna blind
you it's like a glittery sparkly
notebook and it has these rhinestones
I've actually seen a purse that looks
just like that or not just like that but
looks very similar to it and i think it
was by prada i don't know chanel may
become one of those expensive brands
this is obviously not a curse but it's
still a little like stylish cute thing
that can have in your purse or back if
you're not already excited about this
DIY i'll also be given away these
notebooks what yes that's right these
exact mailbox there will be one lucky
winner who gets this to qualify you have
to be a subscriber of mine so you have
to be obviously subscribe to this
channel as well as like my twitter
instagram and facebook page and i do
track so to enter the giveaway you just
comment under this video on comment
equals one entry and you can comment as
many times as you want you can comment
about anything you like you for example
you can say which notebook DIY was your
favorite you can tell me what's the best
part what's the worst part about
school but do not put enter me I just I
don't like it and gets put as a spam you
can't really read it and stuff so but
like I said you can comment as many
times as you like this giveaway is
unfortunately us Emily but i will have
other giveaways that will be
international so no worries if you're
under 18 you must ask your parents
permission in the winner will be
announced souped-up attempt on facebook
so without further ado let's get started
with a DIY tutorial
paint the notebook using the chalkboard
paint make sure to apply the paint
pretty evenly
see your face in every sunrise
so many ways a dream of those eyes and
you
now let it dry completely I added a
second coat just to make sure the color
looks even in the notebook doesn't show
through
when you
you
and let it dry completely after it's dry
you have to season your chalkboard you
just take the side of your chalk and rub
it onto your notebook then wipe it off
with a dry rag or paper towel and voila
you just turned your plane notebook into
a fully functional Chuck workers
Oh your secret's bryan lee
junk
my paint a thin layer of Mod Podge on
half your notebook
now sprinkle some glitter on your
notebook and then spread it around using
a bristle brush
lonely moments here and
brush off the excess glitter into the
box apply a second thin layer of Mod
Podge over the existing glitter
you're impressed during
let
I'll just
repeat the process until you can't see
the notebook picking through
I did about five to six different layers
to get that three-dimensional stone look
then I did the top part of the notebook
using the same technique and let it dry
then I brushed off the excess glitter
finally I applied the last layer of Mod
Podge all over the notebook just to set
the glitter by my side tonight
I just launched closed and here's the
finished result
buzz
because
first I applied one layer of chalkboard
paint after it dried I applied a thin
layer of Mod Podge on the top half of
the notebook then I applied lots and
lots of glitter on it and spread it
around never sunrise
in the excess litter went into the
cardboard box then I applied a thinner
layer of Mod Podge in the middle of the
milk book
oh my sky
you
Oh leave the bottom part of the notebook
partially uncovered
then I use acrylic beads of all
different sizes and place them on the
bottom of my notebook sesame
every
k
soon
I use super glue to hold them in place
all your secrets Brian i also added the
last layer of Mod Podge and then let it
dry if you liked this video please
comment rate and subscribe XOXO yuliana